Samantha Scott: Maria
Excellent.
Samantha Scott: Oh,
Samantha Scott: I like your background.
Samantha Scott: It's very New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here as you know I'm just curious. So I do kind of want to see if you can receive some people do receive my tax.
Samantha Scott: Can I just see it.
Samantha Scott: In right. Did you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You received it. When I was in Albuquerque. That doesn't count. Let me try it. Right.
Samantha Scott: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I, I was in Albuquerque. So we're real quick jammed out everybody's reminders last night.
Samantha Scott: So this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Test. I'm gonna say test.
Gwenevere Abriel: From Santa Fe, the boonies of Santa Fe.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Not delivered. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it only works when I'm in a big city. So we're gonna stick with
Gwenevere Abriel: God if we schedule some it's on you.
Samantha Scott: It's all
Samantha Scott: Know, got it totally
Samantha Scott: Okay, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're here.
Samantha Scott: I did want to ask you one thing and if
Samantha Scott: I don't know if I should ask you
Samantha Scott: Or somebody else got anything from Blue Cross field saying that something about covering the following drugs and I know this is a
Samantha Scott: I know this is a generic. So I'm wondering, I'm thinking, the only thing that's different is that I got longer prescription for it this time and maybe I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't know that doesn't make any sense.
Samantha Scott: I will go you
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I don't know, is the quick answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I suggest
Samantha Scott: You go
Gwenevere Abriel: Into virtual clinic and say, Hey, who would be the best person to talk to about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to make sure that my medication is covered
Samantha Scott: And right
Gwenevere Abriel: doctor. A doctor brielle or
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it someone please give me there.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, might be some weird reporting thing or something or some change from one from something induction to maintenance or something like that. I was thinking, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it say specifically what medication, they're
Samantha Scott: They're having it says, it says a name of drug Bupropion the locks eight two and it says each drug above is not on our drug list or has rules that were not followed
Samantha Scott: And I'm thinking that it's definitely on their drug list because it's a generic
Samantha Scott: Um, but I don't know what it is. So I'll just call virtual clinic. After this, and will, and I'll work on this. I mean, right now, I've still got a weeks left till our next
Samantha Scott: I'm not freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think it's important, and I think that your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your non this week it would be smart. I like that you're bringing that to my opinion.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can also, if you want to swing by and have a quicker what's today, today's Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you wanted to talk to Dr. Gabrielle, you could come in. This is what it would look like it. Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Say you didn't get the answers you need if you roll in right after our appointment. You go into virtual clinic and you don't get information that satisfies
Gwenevere Abriel: Your question then drop by. Write this down at 1155 at 1135 drop into my 11am group, which would be at the tail end of it. You'll come in, they're not going to believe it. I'm not sure she may bill you for some medical thing but it won't be a group bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you do a 15 minute thing with you and you can get clear about or she may not feel it all. I have no idea, but I'm going to stay out of it, but I just want to create that already embedded opportunity to talk to the doctor.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, that's perfect. I'll call and talk to them and then depending on what I find out all talk to virtual clinic. If that doesn't work, then I'll come in at
Gwenevere Abriel: 1150 511 more important piece. I won't
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't be able to text you
Gwenevere Abriel: The group number because of what we just talked about. So you're going to have to go to receive
Gwenevere Abriel: And say, hey, Glenn said I need to meet with the doc for medication check in right at the end. I'm not doing the group, but she asked me to check in right at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I'm going to give them a heads up now so that they know okay and they're going to give you the number but you know you're only coming in right in the last five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Those, those last five minutes. Just don't say a word turn yourself on you know what i do i say what came up for you. I'm finishing up that summary.
Samantha Scott: And then wait until everybody's taken care of. And then we'll talk. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Heads up
Gwenevere Abriel: Samantha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be given the 11 it is when what is Wednesday or Thursday today.
Samantha Scott: Today is Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay, I've got a group. Today I'm flying by
Gwenevere Abriel: Group zoom ID, she will drop in at 11 so you need to get into virtual clinic, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: 1145 hours.
Samantha Scott: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz i don't i don't know he's on to be very honest, it could be really busy.
Samantha Scott: Right. Ya know I whenever I have no I need to talk to them. I try to call in at least 20 minutes early, because then that gives that cushion for
Samantha Scott: But before I want to talk to him.
Samantha Scott: So, but in general, things are going. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I like it.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I've been doing my body scans.
Samantha Scott: For me not perfectly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. But tell me, tell me when you've been doing them kind of tell me about what time of day. Oh, yeah.
Samantha Scott: Like you said it was working on trying to be. I mean, I tend to wake up later. But I'm working on trying to be up like by nine or 930 every day a little bit earlier today. But, you know,
Samantha Scott: And in the morning like 10 and then in the afternoon, and then the evening. Those are the set ones that I have and then other than that, it's like, like you said, Whenever I feel like I'm getting stressed or, you know, like whenever I got that letter.
Samantha Scott: Or, you know,
Samantha Scott: Anything you know that's like, and I mean I'm just trying to trust that no matter the fact that it
Samantha Scott: Personally, I feel like I'm doing pretty good. I mean the world. I feel like it's just, I'm just like everybody else. I just have to trust that together we all get through this, you know,
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you have done the scan.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you noticed has been going on that you hadn't really been paying attention to your body's messages before what's been going on in there.
Samantha Scott: A lot of it. I mean, I don't think I've ever been paying attention to my body's messages. So, just the fact that even has messages is a huge advance
Samantha Scott: I mean, I definitely I think I've noticed I definitely find myself getting distracted, you know, during, and I just tried to be kind and reroute my opinion you know okay I honor that thought and but I'm not. It's not necessary. So like, let's move on, you know,
Samantha Scott: And then try to return.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Beautiful. One thing people sometimes like this. Thank you for sharing. We say that to our mind.
Samantha Scott: Oh, yeah.
Samantha Scott: That's good. Yeah, I like that, yeah.
Samantha Scott: It's it because it's kind of
Samantha Scott: It's it's polite, but at the same time, you can put some attitude into it if you wanted to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Karen and then next. So thank you for sharing when it's just a little passing thought when it's when it's more like it's really opinionated and it's really judgmental or it's sending a fair message, it can be. Thank you for sharing. You've got me this far in my life.
Samantha Scott: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I learning new things and right now our attention is on how my body is doing right
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's still grateful. It's we're not trying to pull the self apart. We want integration.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can be kind to ourselves. Along the way, too.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I'm trying to be, I mean I feel like for the most part, things are going really well. I just
Samantha Scott: It's just the overall thing. Yeah. And there's nothing I can do about that so
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to talk about what it's like to be you in the world today.
Samantha Scott: I don't know i mean i i feel like
Samantha Scott: I feel like I'm not that different essentially from anybody else, you know, in terms of how it is in this world.
Samantha Scott: Because it's just changing every day and every day we get up and we get new information and like before we even have time to process like whatever the big
Samantha Scott: Things of the day are or the week are then there's like more on top of it and it feels like it's just impossible to stay on top of, you know, not that I need to, but I guess I feel like it's kind of my job as a person in the world to be aware of what's going on, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you budget your time to narrow windows of consuming media.
Samantha Scott: No, I should
Samantha Scott: I get really bad about getting sucked in and then just going and going and going. So if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Designated, you know, five o'clock is the time
Samantha Scott: And I'll catch myself up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really budget, it
Samantha Scott: And give myself like a time period. Not, oh, you can just keep going through these websites until you've been there for 12 hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I would just do
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do your top two and just say from, you know, from five to six, whatever the timing but limited to to an hour limited to have our and that's when you use heard my constructive worry
Gwenevere Abriel: That can be a time where you can give yourself permission to have your apocalyptic thoughts. If you want to
Samantha Scott: Write
Samantha Scott: Like I need them right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Samantha Scott: No, yeah, all my favorite movies are like dystopias and a lot of my favorite stories. It's like
Samantha Scott: Now, a lot of them I find I can't, I'm not feeling a desire to watch him because like I feel like there's already that in my world so
Samantha Scott: No, we need. Yeah, that's a really good idea. I definitely
Samantha Scott: I mean, because there's only so much information I can consume and my brain can actually make sense of, so why am I just like putting more and more in it's
Gwenevere Abriel: More of a time for a Patch Adams kind of movie ones that that are positive and relate to this.
Samantha Scott: Legally Blonde legally
Gwenevere Abriel: Was my go to my go to is bridesmaids when I want to indulge I go
Home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just indulge
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know I'm not supposed to hang over but I such well
Samantha Scott: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's just this bridesmaids it's just so perfectly done
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no, I love that movie Roseburg, I was just thinking about Rose Byrne, because I just watched this great series called Mrs America.
Samantha Scott: And I was just, and it's all about Phyllis Schlafly and the, the second wave feminists and like Gloria Steinem and stuff like that and
Samantha Scott: It was fascinating because I feel like I'm pretty informed about that. But I learned a lot just from this like fictional pseudo fictional like semi fictional series, you know,
Samantha Scott: And then it's like, at the end, it's like, Oh, where are we at with the era, because it's all about the you know the Equal Rights Amendment and it's like we're still not there.
Samantha Scott: And then I was just thinking like, it's so weird that that's actual history from my actual country and I am feeling more connected to it somehow through like a pop culture TV. Then I feel connected through it through like my actual society, you know,
Samantha Scott: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder, I don't know what your, your peer kind of colleague friend situation is. But are you having to sort of pull away from some of your other peers and starting to carve out room for a peer group that is not based on maybe getting high. I don't know where you are because we got right
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no. Totally. I hear you. I mean with me. It was always more of a
Samantha Scott: Personal it didn't really matter who I was around it was more about me being high, you know, if I'm an order or if I'm at home. I've never had a lot of friends.
Samantha Scott: I mean I'm I can make friends. But basically, I had this friend who who was like my best friend. Like I never had great relationships with women, which is probably partially my fault, partially societies and
Samantha Scott: I think that
Samantha Scott: You know, I had this best friend were like, sometimes you meet somebody and like immediately. You're like best friends.
Samantha Scott: And like immediately. You're like holding hands like the second time you hang out, you know, and you're just sitting there and I never really had anybody like that. And then I met her.
Samantha Scott: And she had this really bad pain disease Reflex sympathetic dystrophy and when she died as one of my opiate stuff like really
Samantha Scott: Went up and, you know, just to treat the pain or whatever, you know, is this really sad. She had a disease that wasn't a recognized by medicine at the time, you know,
Samantha Scott: Reflex sympathetic dystrophy. So they're like she's a drug seeker, whatever. But really, like all her nerves are dying underneath her skin but continuing to send pain signals.
Samantha Scott: Now they know a lot more about it at the time they basically conserve it like fibromyalgia whenever it first came out.
Samantha Scott: And she fought for years to get her disability. She and then she killed herself.
Samantha Scott: You know, and then after she had already gotten her disability and she has a five more. She had a five year old daughter, I'm still in touch with her on Facebook.
Samantha Scott: Um, but, uh, yeah. And it was not even just about that. It was about, like, loss of love, you know, wanting to be loved and
Samantha Scott: being damaged and feeling like nobody was ever gonna like love her. The way she wanted, you know, and it's just it's sad but I hear. I mean, I'm still working my way back to the collection.
Samantha Scott: I do need more peers and I've been trying to reach out to people from my life that are like
Samantha Scott: Maybe I don't work with them anymore. Obviously, or whatever. But like I know what they're like. And I know what their core values are and stuff like that and
Samantha Scott: That they sort of feel similarly to I, the way I do and you know I know I've noticed when I get on the phone with anybody. You know, or on the zoom
Samantha Scott: I'm just, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And so, like, I'm actually going to set up like a couple of phone calls this week to just or zoom calls to just talk to people because I feel like I'm starting to get really disconnected.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Please do that I really encourage it. It does help quite a bit.
teleconferencing
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just so you are, you have a blog, um,
Samantha Scott: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's just for work, you don't have one where you kind of do sort of political commentary
Samantha Scott: I have like I have done a little bit like I did one on the Oscars or my own website this past year. How like the first, it's great that there was like the first non like wife, you know, basically like oh
Samantha Scott: I don't know the correct way to put it, like he was Vietnamese so good, you know, okay, we know we don't have to worry about xenophobia, but like, not one director nominated for like the
Samantha Scott: Oscars this year was female and there were so amazing movies so but yeah but not so much like my personal um my personal thoughts.
Samantha Scott: I don't know i i thought about doing that. I definitely like to write that down. You know, um, I guess it's sort of weird for me to share like unprocessed thoughts with people because I'm so used to like editing and stuff like that. And I feel like I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, isn't that the fun part with it with a with a girlfriend or
Samantha Scott: No totally
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear yourself argue at one side and then to hear that dialogue that other perspective to see is what I'm saying is what I think really what I believe. No.
Samantha Scott: No, yeah, I could totally use that. And I mean, my friend Lisa is one of the ones that I want to connect with because we work together in the past, but now we don't. And she's very honest and funny and smart and she does like a really strong like bullshit meter, you know,
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no, I mean like you need people that are like, uh huh.
Samantha Scott: I feel like you're an art to
Samantha Scott: For me,
Samantha Scott: Like as a personal friend are you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Is there more to it than that. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: And she's got a very different life. I mean, she's got a kid, you know,
Samantha Scott: Raising a kid and stuff like that. That's different. But I love kids. I mean, I really enjoy being around them and stuff like that. I feel like I'm on the same level with them.
Samantha Scott: Sometimes more so like if there's like a room of people and like a few kids, I'm totally going for the kids for
Gwenevere Abriel: I, yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: But yeah, I mean in terms of my recovery. I feel really strong like I'm feeling
Samantha Scott: I'm almost getting to a point where I feel, and I know you know it's fragile, but I'm really starting to get kind of pissed off that I spent so long, so much of my life. And so much of my resources on oxy code on you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we spend just a minute there. We haven't done much of this, and we've done some some of this sort of psychotherapy. Now we're kind of sort of staying sort of on the outside here. I've just sort of how you meet your community. Let's talk a little bit about this idea
Gwenevere Abriel: Of tapering
Samantha Scott: I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say this it's two different treatment plans. One is a taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That would be the one I'm inviting. So here, if I said a couple of times, because the mind will panic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm separating it separate from
Gwenevere Abriel: Off, not the same trail. First one is a taper down to what the doctor has been calling a safe medical dose, which means if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Break your ankle and had to have reconstructive surgery that the short term opiates, let's say, or increasing the buprenorphine would be effective. We want you to have access and enjoy the benefits of analgesic medicine, just like everybody else. So
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Samantha Scott: That's this one huh
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but I gotta say in a couple of times, because the addict brain has a freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: The taper off the tapering the off, off, off. No, that's not what we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right then here that it will feel very different because when you say to us, and it will come from you, you'll go. I've had it. I want to be office and you'll be sitting there at one milligram point seven five milligrams, maybe four months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right up down 2.25 I have plenty of clients that are a point two five. And they're just they're just they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, hover hover.
Samantha Scott: It's better to be on whatever dose, however small, it is then to go back. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I am not saying that actually what I'm saying is there's two separate treatment plans. One of them is tapering down to a safe medical dose. I'm going to leave it like
Samantha Scott: This and why you're eight or something. No.
Samantha Scott: Much lower than that line one or
Samantha Scott: Two. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. So, and that will have a ride that will have this yoga we going along can't feel it can't fill the taper. Oh, felt that one. Oh boy, that was a rough week rough, meaning I had restless leg. I hadn't had it. The last two tapers I'm having some cold sweats.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm taking my chronic. Gosh, that stuff really works. She was great. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to take a break.
Samantha Scott: No, I'm just seeing. Um, no. Okay. It's just some other my husband's out getting our car is ready today from the shop. It was stolen found and fixed
Samantha Scott: So he's out there. I just want to make sure it wasn't him, it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Staying on this topic a little bit longer because then I want to hear your perspective because I heard something just now, and I want to check it out. So we have a taper down
Gwenevere Abriel: Treatment plan. And then we have taper off so don't confuse the two. Don't let your, your monkey mind your addict brain confuse the two.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're frozen. So let me see, for coming back on board here. I'll wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Samantha Scott: Hello.
Hi.
Samantha Scott: I get when that phone rings. Sometimes it's like they leave a message it temporarily disconnects the connection or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay i get i get i get
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to review your, your addict brain that voice inside that wants to get away with whatever it can that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Omit information to not be honest disclose doesn't want to be humble wants to say don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't tell Gwen anything
Gwenevere Abriel: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one is going to be saying, See. See look, they're trying to they're going to hurry us off. And then there's going to be this awful withdrawal. But that's not what's up, what's up is down tapering down and then when you and your physician and I'm a part of it too if you want me to is
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you eyes a doctor. Thank you have
Gwenevere Abriel: The coping skills in place the confidence and the motivation in place.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To taper off. And it's a very distinct four days there's different medications that go on. There's daily checking in with the physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, completely different experience. Then down tapering down typically milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: You come down. If you're at a 16 need to be at 15 for two weeks, then you'd be at 14 for two weeks. And now I say it like that. But the doc will say, she'll say it a little differently. But I've been here three years and that is what I have watched you guys succeed.
Samantha Scott: Right, right. One milligram a week, seeing how that goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: That makes sense. I mean, it makes it does sound scary to me. But at the same time.
Samantha Scott: I was thinking, like, one of the things about the car accident. Like why I'm so scared of being in cars. That's part of it. I mean, obviously that's not my phobia.
Samantha Scott: But like, it's even scarier to be in a car and to be afraid of getting into an accident and then to be afraid of getting into the hospital and like they can't even help me. You know where they going to do, give me Ketamine or something, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What they would give you ketamine.
Samantha Scott: That but that still sounds a lot scarier and less normal than you know what an average person.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's me and motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you access to the normal stuff just like me him her. So we want to get together. That's what we're up to but not over night.
Samantha Scott: Right. No, I know. And it took me a long time to get here. You know, I mean it took me a long time to get to this point my addiction and then to even knowing that I had an addiction to get to the point to calling
Samantha Scott: You know, and starting
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want to hear. I heard about a fear I heard of the positive motivator. That's a bit like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a negative reinforcer which I liked hearing hey I want I want access, just like everybody else does. That's a motivator to be chemically dependent anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not I think your biggest fear that's actually a motivator. I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're here about the first taper. I want to hear it just all the ugly shadow thoughts, you've gotten there.
Samantha Scott: I think like, I mean the what's most scary about it is feeling, you know, sick. I mean, that's
Samantha Scott: That's something I really don't enjoy. I mean, that's one of the reasons why I kept up my addiction for as long as I did, um, but I think I need to look at it as getting a little sick or maybe not feeling. Exactly. Okay. To get to a point where I feel better every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's get into that a little bit. And I don't know what you've heard, but when you've been in group. Have you heard anybody who is tapering. Did you hear anybody who is tapering
Samantha Scott: I think so. I'm not sure. Well, I'm trying to think, like, I think so. I think I remember hearing. Dr. A real talk with
Samantha Scott: A couple of people about like, Oh, you're at this. Do you want to stay at this or maybe want to wait wait a week before we do that, like I'm trying to remember exactly who but I've definitely seen that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so watch. I'd like to play with this word sick, a little bit because sick. The first step. What's the worst. Is it diarrhea. Is it nachos it throat, what's the worst part of sick.
Samantha Scott: I mean, to me, honestly, yet diarrhea sucks nausea sucks restless leg sucks, but to me it's just a feeling you know that insides your skin and it kind of feels like it's crawling or like your teeth are itching, or like, I mean I can think of, like, a lot of metaphors, but feeling not
Samantha Scott: Good not centered not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. So it does, yes. So here's what people have been reporting for all I'm gonna say three years because it's really close to June.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what people have been reporting. Number one, I want you to remember that you did not hear. Notice you didn't say just now. I heard someone say they got sick. You didn't hear that in group did you
Samantha Scott: Know I heard like little stuff like, Oh, I'm getting a little bit more of the
Samantha Scott: drippy nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha drippy nose.
Samantha Scott: Or yawning or yeah yeah
Yani
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people start to perspire a little
Samantha Scott: Right. Definitely. I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It Clonidine treats it and it works.
Samantha Scott: It just like makes your skin not flushed like that, not
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it does make you tired. So then, for people who are they're saying, well, because it's a it's a blood pressure medicine and what we're using is it's off label benefits.
Gwenevere Abriel: right not to be really clear with the doctor. Hey, I'm already on blood pressure medication. So really, whenever we add something. Don't be intimidated.
Samantha Scott: You've got us you
Samantha Scott: Know, we've got will this be okay with all this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because if you get too quickly, you might get ahead rush. So there's little
Samantha Scott: Floors that she
Gwenevere Abriel: she forgets who told me she hasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So say to the side effects.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, so here's what I've heard. I'm not going outside my lane. I'm just regurgitating what I've heard people that feel tired. Let's say they want to. They're sweating during the day and they're trying to work. They take that tablet and cut it in half.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they just didn't have the quantity. So they're addressing the symptoms, but they're not feeling the fatigue during the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but they do is they take one at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, that helps them fall asleep for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: While they're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: It because
Samantha Scott: So that period. Don't need to be aware and cognizant and all that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally. But really what's really interesting about this particular one is the actual withdrawal symptoms have to be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which it baffles me that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: What endorphin forgetting what it is that has to be in your bloodstream, in order for it to metabolize but you have to actually have a symptom in order for it to be effective.
It's really great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. So cool. I just right now I'm forgetting forgetting with the required a local thing is, it'll come to me.
Samantha Scott: To make me feel like less
Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Holly is the big is the sick for me like that. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there are other things that she can use so she uses the support medication you're going to hear her say, Do you need any support medication that's what she's talking
Gwenevere Abriel: About yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Quantity and she's talking about Gabba Penton she's talking about doc suppan she's talking about. What else does she use
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the big ones for the
Samantha Scott: For the win at all.
Samantha Scott: And you have a patent for nerve pain right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's for a lot of things it yeah but that one. I always I'm reluctant because if you go to high if you do 1100 you actually do have to then tie trade off of it and I've got a couple people.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I'd like to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's absolutely necessary.
Samantha Scott: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to add another one. Yeah, I do one thing at a time.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no you part is what you get from it, though. It's not a you yeah okay so yes let's talk to the to the fear, the big fear is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to crawl out of my skin. That's sick. I haven't heard anyone say that when they're tapering just as prescribed. Now what can happen because you're using a strip. You may not be taking slicing it just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this is where when you when you hear her. She draws her little picture and you cut it in half and you kind of a 48 and, oh, I only take that that that eighth offer that 16th off. Okay, fine. But you got to do it because
Samantha Scott: Exactly right. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no. Totally. I'm thinking like, at that point, like any just set up like a whole area with like tweezers and like
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want to get contact lens cases.
Samantha Scott: Right, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it'll feel those little bits and it'll keep it airtight because you're going to have to because that's medicine.
Samantha Scott: You take it is really dangerous. I mean, with my pets like I always want to make sure, like I don't
Samantha Scott: You know, throw all the rappers away and
Gwenevere Abriel: And so they need to be sealed because you'll be taking those later. Okay, so we've covered that now you are at, how are you at 16. Now what do you
Samantha Scott: Gain I met 16 and I mean I feel comfortable. I mean, definitely. But I wonder if I feel too comfortable, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay there. Let's stay there. Okay, so you. This is the typical protocol after a month, I have this conversation. And you've been here.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, been here for at least a month. A month and a half closer to two, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're having conversation we're having it now.
Samantha Scott: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna, we're gonna we're going to see how this goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because in order for a therapy to be effective. It's also got to be stretching right
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what physical therapy.
Samantha Scott: Is we meet that energy right
Samantha Scott: And we ask those those
Samantha Scott: A little bit, yeah. Yeah, totally.
Samantha Scott: Totally and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you there's this plateau. That happens
Gwenevere Abriel: With the buprenorphine. You can be taking 16, you know, up to 24 right in 1624 right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: People don't actually isn't. We're normally it's like this all you take more you definitely feel and then it goes like this. But you're right at that spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think based on listening to you guys. I don't think you're going to feel anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go to 15 I think you will feel nothing
Samantha Scott: Right, which will be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: No kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know what, then you'd be able to do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, Oh, I can taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I don't feel it and then you go guys, guess what I tapered it went down one milligram. I didn't feel
Samantha Scott: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I felt it and all it was was those cold sweats. You guys were talking about, right, or I felt nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or accidentally you tapered and cut off too big a piece and then we'll investigate it, because you have a five, six distress level as then I have a crawler at a six or seven and you probably cut off too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say one more thing and then we go let's analyze how you cut those off. That's the first thing. Number two, then we'll try producing at point five, but I don't think we're going to thing, Sam.
Samantha Scott: Yeah. Well, I mean, and my experience of withdrawal is not tapering it's a having drugs and then running out of drugs and then having to make it until the next
Samantha Scott: Time I get
Gwenevere Abriel: Napa 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Years is a long acting sticky opiate receptor and it's medicine rather buprenorphine it sticks on those opiate receptors are supposed to stay. It stays there for like 3648 hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not getting
Gwenevere Abriel: The full kick
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I mean I really liked the idea of at least coming up with a plan to work to I mean what I love about about all this is that like I'm realizing okay your brain. My thoughts are actually changing my brain. Awesome.
Samantha Scott: And then this drug. I mean, one of the ideas is that like eventually these as I taper down right these opiate receptors will become less
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch this is what it does. So right now, let's say this is all of them. These are all sectors. So this morning, they were all like this. Hi. Hey. Hi. Hey. Hey, where's my Where's my
Samantha Scott: Where's my partner, right. Hey,
Samantha Scott: Bring in the tab on the
On
Samantha Scott: The jail bars right yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: They're empty there naked sectors and then let's say this morning. What you decided to do was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to take 15 milligrams. So then this guy gets filled this guy gets filled this guy gets filled this guy gets filled this guy gets filled this guy gets filled this guy, this guy, but this guy doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Write this guy is like, boy, Sam. I think I'm gonna make you a little sweaty because
Samantha Scott: It didn't feel
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a hey hey hey hey, then the next day you do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: This guy, this guy, this guy, this guy. You might be there like this much. Okay, it's not gone yet then and then guess what he's not there screaming. It's not reabsorbed. It's gone.
Samantha Scott: Three. That's the magic. And that's what I want to. That's what I that's magical and I want to make that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Samantha Scott: We're already set up for it. I mean, like you said, the brain. It's already set up for it. The medication. The way works. It's just me participating
Gwenevere Abriel: You participating
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're going to be afraid.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I already am. Right now I am afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Samantha Scott: Also a good afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess now what
Gwenevere Abriel: What counterbalances that fear. So here's fear and then. What is it that motivates you, that says it's worth it to take this risk. What's this other thing over here.
Samantha Scott: Because it's the magic of eventually you know of shrinking those of eventually to me it sounds really amazing to get as close as possible to whatever my natural level of, you know, all the chemicals in my brain. And although receptors for opiates, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a naturally occurring opiate in your body and we'd love to get you back to your natural self.
Samantha Scott: Well, no. I mean, when, when I had that car accident I broke my hip.
Samantha Scott: And I felt nothing so that says like, there's got to be super powerful opiate in my system because I wasn't on them. And I mean that has to hurt so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're almost there. So here's the fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Just give me one sentence. What's the primary thought, oh, what is it,
Samantha Scott: Primary don't want to be Crawley
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to be Crawley. Here we go. What do you say, what's your motivation. What's the counter opposite thought
Samantha Scott: Magic reabsorption and returns a normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Great, but
Gwenevere Abriel: One more piece.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you want to return to normal.
Samantha Scott: Why do I want the drums normal
Samantha Scott: Bit because I've never been there sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Samantha Scott: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's not return
Samantha Scott: Right. Maybe it's getting there for the first time. Yeah. Cuz I started using drugs when I was 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's I want to know who I am.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, that is very much more. Yeah, I wanted to who I am, without drugs without
Gwenevere Abriel: So, here it comes. Make I'm going to do it right now, see if that's enough to counterweight to counterbalance the fear. So, here it comes naturally to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I'm the fear thought, Oh my gosh, Sam. Don't you remember those Crawley feelings you wanted to get out of your skin. Oh, you want it. You couldn't nothing would fix it. Nothing with all the it was awful. Don't let her
Samantha Scott: Know who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This explanation with member of the visual, you're going to see it that it's only going to be a little
Samantha Scott: Tiny maybe a depressive a three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or two OR NO DISTRESS all
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's science.
Samantha Scott: To counter right the feet because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not 10 out of 10 kick it, it's going to make a to maybe a worst of three.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're gonna tell us
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: We're going to help you. And I mean, yeah, I know. And I mean, I think there's a big part of me that maybe a big part of all of us. I don't know that, like,
Samantha Scott: Wants to believe and we are all special right but like humans are biological creatures and we're looking at. It's like we all have like within the same you know no number of all these things are all these
Samantha Scott: And I can trust in other people's experience that it's going to be reasonably representative of mine, you know,
Samantha Scott: And in terms of, like, take your
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, Sam, ask someone if you see someone a group. If it's one of the ones we have lots of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Or anytime I can say, hey, hey. JOHN I asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you first taper. Did you feel blah, blah, blah. You can
Samantha Scott: Write
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be cool. And I want to
Samantha Scott: Know better about group. This week I really did and realize that I think that also, I think I was like projecting onto sherry to, you know, I think I was like, judging her for, um,
Samantha Scott: What I like I was kind of judging her like I would judge myself. You know what I mean.
Samantha Scott: Like if if I was doing what she's doing. And like, I'm not her. And like I have nothing the same experience and like
Samantha Scott: It made no sense, I think in retrospect for me to feel that, but I did and we do feel these things and we can't help it. Right. We just have to work through it.
Samantha Scott: And I want to be more open. I mean, that's why I tried to reach out and say that I think that's what her attitude is
Samantha Scott: I really need to foster that I like, I realized, even with my pug my pug gets on my nerves so much when she goes outside. She's just going crazy barking. I mean, the mailman whoever to thrive.
Samantha Scott: And like I judged her and I realized I'm judging her because like I think I'm not supposed to complain. I think I'm not supposed to go, you know. No, no, no, no, no, or you know whatever it is and
Samantha Scott: I know I've been thinking about a lot of stuff like that lately and I think the body scans are really helpful in terms of like I've never even tried to get to know who I who I am.
Samantha Scott: Like this and it's good and not everything I'm finding out is good, but it's good to find it out. You know, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did a lot of work. Just now we did very direct confrontation of the addiction, the addictive voice, the part of you that leaves the door open that says, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right. We'll do this stupid program. But you know what
Samantha Scott: What maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Well, we can always go us again.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you start to close those exits.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be scary. But you know what that says something really important is happening.
Samantha Scott: Right growth is painful. Right. I've been thinking about bees and I know this isn't a perfect analogy but like you know bees. I saw a picture of how they pushed honey out
Samantha Scott: It looks incredibly painful. It's like these little it's like wax. It looks like wax and they push it out of there, whatever. But, or whatever it is. And like, then we take the money and then process it and eat it and stuff. And I kind of feel I'm like
Samantha Scott: I feel, similar to the be sometimes, you know, in terms of like my
Samantha Scott: Yeah, like drug addiction thing. You know, it's like I feel like
Samantha Scott: I am it's unnatural. That's, that's, like, probably the clearest way I can put it like it's not natural.
Samantha Scott: That I am able to take this extraordinary amount of these like great medicines for when you need them, right, like if you're in cancer pain or if you're in
Samantha Scott: You know, and decide that I'm able to take like the same level as somebody that is like dying of cancer, you know. That's like not natural. You know, I'm not judging anybody else. I just for me that's not natural. You know, and I don't want it ultimately
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's focus on this concept of earned a reward. So that be
Gwenevere Abriel: What you've done to get through school that work that you've done to get a paper written a story written
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you get to celebrate
Gwenevere Abriel: That we do the studying that we did. And then we get a grade we feel good about or we've learned something and we have honed a smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was not fed to us we earned the reward.
Samantha Scott: Right will
Gwenevere Abriel: Be yours forever, Sam.
Samantha Scott: You will have done and
Gwenevere Abriel: Are doing something difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: And it will be yours. No one can come in and say your week there's no not even an allusion to it, you will have lived and done this. Stretching through fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll be able to look anyone in the eye and be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do anything because
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. This was hard and I moved through it. I did not leap over. I did not avoid it. I did not escape it. I went through the fear.
Samantha Scott: I lived through it and it
Gwenevere Abriel: Turns out, and this is what every single person tells me it is not as bad as I thought. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not going to know that until you know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No amount of my lips clapping are going to do the trip. No.
Samantha Scott: No, and I mean I I have literally spent hours scrolling through like drug forums and stuff like about like, Oh, what is this like and you can't trust anybody else's experience, either because
Samantha Scott: I haven't
Samantha Scott: I need to say but it feels and maybe it's not, I don't know, but it feels like a lot of these drug forums that I've read like where people are addicts or they're trying not to whatever it feels like there's almost like a competitiveness in terms of like
Samantha Scott: The like addictive like their level of addiction. It's like, Wait, whoa, like, oh, here's like an idea for you. And it's like, no, you know, I can't do anything less than whatever this crazy number
Samantha Scott: You know, is
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so I haven't seen anything and I have recently haven't scoured YouTube and I'm always looking for really good videos I still haven't found a good one.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no minor. These are mostly just like forums where people are like, you know, oh yeah, this is this or this brand of this is, I don't know.
Samantha Scott: I feel like that's not super helpful for me.
Samantha Scott: I feel like
Samantha Scott: I'm not gonna go. I'm gonna make a list and I mean a limit on myself to not go scour those forums to trust that the information I'm getting from my doctor and from like a couple of primary sources is good.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you go to group next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you like to say, I'd like to taper. Are you ready to do that or do you want me to bring it up.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no, I would like to bring it up. I think that would feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't, I'm going to
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: You are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're ready
Samantha Scott: Okay, good. Yeah, I trust you. I feel like I am. Um, but it's a lot. It's a reaffirming to hear somebody else echo that. Yeah, this word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you you're you're moving quickly into getting at core underlying dynamics that make feeling your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unacceptable. You're getting it core ideology that has made feeling your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Impossible terrifying unacceptable, you're getting at them through the psychotherapy, you're moving quickly and not not meaning to fast. That's not what I mean. I just mean you work your investment in yourself growth is evident. Every time I see you and I'm, I'm very optimistic.
Samantha Scott: Cool I, that means a lot to me and I you know I feel like
Samantha Scott: I feel like this is going really well you know
Samantha Scott: I do and I am lucky to have. I mean, in a way, all the horrible things, not withstanding a deaths and everything of we talking. Honestly, I do feel like a tremendous collective grief, like right now between, like, you know, everybody. I hear, but it's like, you know, I do have this time right now.
Samantha Scott: Well, as long as I get this medication things straight. Now, which I'm sure I will.
Samantha Scott: I have the access that I need to do it. So I really am trying to take this time and like and be serious about it because I'll never get another chance. Like this properly.
Samantha Scott: To focus intensely
Samantha Scott: That's pretty huge.
Samantha Scott: That feels like a huge thing but a good thing. It's not. I mean, it is scary. And I'm sure it's going to continue to be, but it also feels good. Like, like good scary, like you said, like
Samantha Scott: pushing through that last, like, you know, the last a bit of a, you know, stretch, where it's like, oh God it hurts. But, you know, ultimately, it makes me feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this concept of earned reward just adding that concept in when you bump into fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the addict says you can't do this, she's lost her mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it catastrophizing thank you for sharing that gotten me this far. I appreciate it, but I've got new skills. I know how to pay attention to the subtleties of the messages that my body. I won't ignore you anymore. I'm paying attention, but doesn't have to wait till it gets so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm our emotional regulation skills with belly breathing with grounding in the five senses with peripheral vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm learning communication skills and learning cognitive reframing. And I'm processing early trauma. So you're doing a lot. We're doing little bits of glue slightly different each time just kind of coming at it. Not a lot of different places and
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to touch on that orange reward.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the counter thought is this, I want to know who I am.
Samantha Scott: Which is very motivating.
Samantha Scott: very emotive word
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one I wanted you to get to what
Gwenevere Abriel: will motivate you to get past the fear and if it you're worth getting to know
Samantha Scott: That you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to have to be not knowing for a while, and that is scary uncertainty is scary. Well, I like who I am, will I will other people like who I am.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I have fun will oh well now I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confident because I I think I'm talking to you right now, I think, Who is this because I don't know you know the other
Gwenevere Abriel: Aspect right and
Samantha Scott: I'm trying to be as honest as possible. It's hard, like the intellectualizing is really hard. Like, I feel myself butting up against it like constantly but
Gwenevere Abriel: Then Burt ward hold on to that too. When I work hard for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Evaluate deserve it. I deserve it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and
Gwenevere Abriel: As I value it
Gwenevere Abriel: Out the things that were spoon fed to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you take for granted. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the ones that I worked hard for Ain't nobody gonna take that for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry. Now an education. Yeah. Once you get an education. Once you do something that you worked hard for you worked right that's yours forever. Knowledge is forever. It's yours, yours, yours, yours, yours. This earned experience of moving through uncertainty.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be able to teach it because you're going to know it, and you'll teach it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll be excited and proud and you get to brag about it and then you're going to be saying to me, why are you holding me back. I want to taper again, what's the deal. It's going to flip because it's going to be like that was nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Samantha Scott: Well, I'm going to try to remember that you are telling me, things were my best interest based on science and your, you know, knowledge and experience.
Samantha Scott: And I'll try to push back too hard, but I can't promise. I mean, it sounds exciting to be that excited that I would even want to do that so
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You just don't be shy about telling us if something comes up, because again, we don't know whether you cut the strip wrong. We don't know whether you decided to smoke a cigarette and didn't absorb in your mouth well enough. Right. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, don't be shy. You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not a bad client or patient because you didn't tape or the way you hear everybody else, you don't know all the people in this program, you don't know that everybody's is just slightly different
Gwenevere Abriel: Right yours will
Samantha Scott: Leave Rubin, I think, I think this is going to be different for me because
Samantha Scott: In any way because like I'm actually paying attention to what I feel like, yeah, and I don't think I've done that before so
Gwenevere Abriel: I also wanted to say we've got just a couple minutes left here um you know how you whenever I would do sort of this somatic awareness and I would say where is that coming up for you, whereas that landing and you would do.
Samantha Scott: This solar plexus. I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: And I asked Dr. Gabrielle I said what is right there because she's not saying to me. Most people say tummy chest heart that's where they go. But she keeps putting hands like right under her to her breast plate. The, the rib cage right up here. Is that right, it's right at that top
Samantha Scott: You're like, right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And I said, What's right there. And she said, it's the duodenum.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's part of the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good second here.
Gwenevere Abriel: duodenum. So it's part of the stomach, in a sense, and I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm because she's, she's got training, too. And I said, what, what, what does that typically associated with and and she doesn't know your stories. And I said, Just tell me. And let's see if they line up and she says, Well, it's frequently associated with not belonging
Samantha Scott: Yeah, that makes sense.
Samantha Scott: I mean, I definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I definitely feel. I mean, particularly in terms of like the whole family thing, you know. And I mean that
Samantha Scott: That kind of like transfers over, you know, like, oh, I'm in my family. And then I go to my school and then I do whatever but like ultimately underneath like I'm always underneath. I think I've always felt
Samantha Scott: Like I don't have the right to exist.
Samantha Scott: If I have to put it like bluntly, you know, I don't have the right to feel. I don't have the right to hurt. I don't have the right to complain, you know, and
Samantha Scott: I mean, I think a lot of this is my mom and I know that she you know was obviously everything I've read about narcissism says that
Samantha Scott: She didn't get something that she needed at a various Central time and that now that's that's how she got where she is. And so I try to feel sympathy for but not so much sympathy that I'm going to forget, you know, or or not take care of myself first
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: My invitation to you is you have some distance from her right now. Right. There's not a daily texting talking right so we can address sympathy for her later.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already sacrifice yourself for so many years. Why don't you indulge in a little bit of just, I'm going to focus on me. The dipping out into interpretation and empathy and feeling sorry for her here. You just did it. You just did it just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's on the record.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now let's not do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've already been doing this for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have right side.
Samantha Scott: So the right and that's what I need to hear that's waiting to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we'll put a pin in that we have not gone. Oh, you're not going
Gwenevere Abriel: To see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's just
Samantha Scott: Obviously, I'm going to circle back around to it because it's like the first thing I know, right.
Samantha Scott: Like
Samantha Scott: I can try us all. Think about that later winning so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one. It's one of the
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's, thank you. Yes, that's gotten me a lot, thinking about other people's feelings before mine has gotten me a lot. Thank you for right now I'm working on honing and developing and refining the skill of tuning into what I want right now.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I feel right now. How can I get my needs met with the resources I have, oh, I don't have the resources they have, I need to develop the resources so that I can get my needs met. That's where I want all that like this click click click click click in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not this. Oh, poor then and analyze analyze all her father her father's father or father
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, here.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the moment what I feel. What's the name of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I want, what do I really, really, really, really want now. Okay. Do we have the resources around me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I get it, do I really wanted still
Gwenevere Abriel: Sacrifice to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the thinking in here right in here. You, you, you, you, you, you, it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Not gonna make you a narcissist Sam I want you to know that.
Samantha Scott: Right. No, you're right. I think the
Samantha Scott: The thing that I am like
Samantha Scott: Who was just like, oh, it is a lot. It's like, it's like I feel like we're
Samantha Scott: We were doing a lot and like I'm doing a lot and and then I keep I don't like take time and I'm like, Okay, I'm just trying to rush on to the next thought or whatever. That's something I need to work on. I think it myself.
Samantha Scott: You know,
Samantha Scott: Oh, um, I wanted to ask, I want to make sure I knew what our next appointment was
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good.
Samantha Scott: In her
Gwenevere Abriel: And also if for making sure you do have my email, right. It's Gabriel at bright heart health com no spaces you have that because my texting is for stinking
Samantha Scott: Very real@health.com
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no spaces. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: So our next spot a be
Samantha Scott: Um, so yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's it's G. If you see my name on the screen here. It's G and then my last name.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they trade be i e LL
Samantha Scott: Right. Brian hard health.com
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay I you don't already have something down. I already have
Samantha Scott: You. I think we last week.
Samantha Scott: When was it
Gwenevere Abriel: June 4
Gwenevere Abriel: As well.
Samantha Scott: Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on, I better
Samantha Scott: Ya know, and I will possibly see you at 1150 ish if we'll see how it goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good.
Okay, good to see you later.
Samantha Scott: Bye.
Bye.